fix(web-core/VtsStateHero): behavior on mobile (#9363)
vatesfr/xen-orchestra: CHANGELOG.unreleased.md

- [xo-web] support qcow2 format in disk > import (PR [#9817](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/9817))
- [xo-server] support qcow2 format in `disk.importContent` and `disk.import` jsonRPC api (PR [#9817](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/9817))

> - [Dashboard] Fix stateHero's behavior on mobile for force vertical variant on mobile (PR [#9363](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/9363))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Dashboard] Fix StateHero component's behavior on mobile to force vertical variant on mobile (PR [#9363](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/9363))
```

- @xen-orchestra/rest-api patch
- @xen-orchestra/web-core minor

> - @xen-orchestra/web minor

Reviewer: Please check the packages order: https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/actions/runs/25657387684/job/75309038382?pr=9363
